it is 10 GMT that is midday in Gaza
where the Israeli Army has been
expanding its attacks in Central and
Southern areas civilians living there
have experienced one of the worst nights
since the beginning of the war nearly
two months ago more than a 100
Palestinians have been killed in
overnight Israeli strikes and this
brings the death toll since Saturday to
more than 800 jabalia refugee camp was
one of the targets again rescue workers
worked through the night there using
their bare hands to get people many of
them children out from under the rubble
Hamas says Fierce fighting has been
taking place also near the southern city
of kanun Israel claims some Hamas
leaders are based in or near Kan yunes
the Israeli military cut off the road
between the city and darl Bala that's in
central Gaza dividing now the strip into
three parts Aid bag begins our
coverage when there's a voice There's
Hope even with this level of Destruction
there are survivors somehow managing to
cling onto life when Israel is doing its
best to end
it 13-year-old Alma emerges shocked
covered in dust but
alive it's only when the Sun rises the
full scale of Destruction can be seen
some collect body parts others search
for the dead the survivors are taken to
hospital which are treating victims on
the floor
[Music]
the emergency unit is small and we are
flooded by dozens if not hundreds of
victims we are left with very little to
help them many are left to die due to
lack of medical supplies and shortage of
Staff this is the reality killing by the
dozens yesterday alone 36 were killed
the day before 52 and the numbers keep
Rising let alone the hundreds buried
underneath the
debris the air strikes keep coming and
Palestinians continue to be killed
parents mourn their children children
their
parents siblings their brothers and
sisters Assad B Al
jaaz I'm joined on the phone now by
safat alud safat you're in derl Bala
that's in central Gaza we're trying to
understand what's happening in every
part of the Gaza Strip as the Israeli
military seems to have effectively cut
the strip into three parts North Central
and South so what what's happening uh in
and around Daryl
Bala we can start with the latest
strikes here
in the nearby of the hospital ala
Hospital the main hospital in D
ambulances have been bringing more
casualties from the latest uh two air
strikes here uh as Israeli Fighters just
h two two Targets and the nearby here
back to uh the tanks who are now off the
road the main road that links the
central area of the Gaza STP with the
southern part of it now the movement
between the southern between the central
area and the southern area uh is uh is
banned by the Israeli tanks and we could
hear uh Fe explosiones or Fe exchange of
fire between the fighting groups the
Palestinian fighting groups and Israeli
tanks who are stationing in this Main
Road well known as Salah which is the
longest road that linked south to North
together the only choice now for the
people is the coastal roads to flee from
the Central Area the coastal Road and to
move toward watch the South so people
here are very much panicking and they
keep asking where uh where should we go
in the South since now ra city is the
only option remains for 70% of the
Palestinians in the GP to move
to sa what uh thank you very much for
that latest reporting in the central
part of the Gaza Strip that's stat l